README.md, before:

# [The Card Room](https://thecardroom.io)

The Card Room is a Cardano based NFT platform, a unique gallery of collectable
NFT playing cards, individually minted on the Cardano blockchain.  This codebase
represents a collection of scripts we have created and found useful for minting
NFTs on the Cardano blockchain.

# Prerequisites

These scripts assume that cardano-node, cardano-addresses, cardano-db-sync, and
cardano-wallet are installed and running on the system.  Please see details of
how to install and run these on the input-output-hk github account:
  - [cardano-node](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-node)
  - [cardano-db-sync](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-db-sync)
  - [cardano-addresses](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-addresses)
  - [cardano-wallet](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-wallet)

  These scripts also require the following:
    - cardano-node, cardano-db-sync, cardano-address, and cardano-wallet are
      installed and available on the sytem path.
    - The following environment variables have been set appropriately:
      * CARDANO_NODE_SOCKET_PATH
      * TESTNET_CARDANO_NODE_SOCKET_PATH
      * MAINNET_CARDANO_NODE_SOCKET_PATH

# Installation

  - PostgreSQL

# Running


# License

This code is released under the [MIT Opensource License](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)
you may use and and modify this code as you see fit.  However, this license and
all copyright attributions must remain in place.

# Commission

TCR has spent a significant amount of time, energy, and money creating this package.
As such, TCR has placed into the code a small comission for ourself.  When an NFT
is minted to an external address the code will also transfer the min utxo value to
the TCR wallet.  Currently this is just 1 ADA.  You can of course remove this
from the code but it will be highly appreciated if you leave it in.

# Conclusion

We at TCR hope you find this software useful.  Feel free to provide suggestions
on feature requests and other ways to improve it.

Commit message:

Lots of changes.  Still a work in progress
  - Updated readme
  - Reworked command line parameters
  - Added features to transfer ADA, burn NFTs
  - Support match minting by combining multiple UTXOs
  - Add support for creating layered NFT images
  - Allow a wallet to burn all NFTs under the specified policy
  - Update ipfs to use infura.io

README.md, after:

# [The Card Room](https://thecardroom.io)

The Card Room is a Cardano based NFT platform, a unique gallery of collectable
NFT playing cards, individually minted on the Cardano blockchain.  This codebase
represents a collection of scripts we have created and found useful for minting
NFTs on the Cardano blockchain.

# Prerequisites

These scripts assume that cardano-node, cardano-addresses, cardano-db-sync, and
cardano-wallet are installed and running on the system.  Please see details of
how to install and run these on the input-output-hk github account:
  - [cardano-node](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-node)
  - [cardano-db-sync](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-db-sync)
  - [cardano-addresses](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-addresses)
  - [cardano-wallet](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-wallet)

  These scripts also require the following:
    - cardano-node, cardano-db-sync, cardano-address, and cardano-wallet are
      installed and available on the sytem path.
    - The following environment variables have been set appropriately:
      * CARDANO_NODE_SOCKET_PATH
      * TESTNET_CARDANO_NODE_SOCKET_PATH
      * MAINNET_CARDANO_NODE_SOCKET_PATH

# Installation

  - PostgreSQL

# Running
Before NFTs can be minted, some basic setup and initialization needs to be done.
"testnet" can be replaced with "mainnet" to run everything on mainnet.

  - Create a wallet
    > nftmint --network=testnet --create-wallet=project_mint

  - Using the wallet just created, create a new policy ID
    > nftmint --network=testnet --create-policy=project_policy --wallet=project_mint

  - Create a metadata template
    > nftmint --network=testnet --create-drop-template=project_series_1
    > Edit nft/testnet/project_series_1_metametadata.json

  - Create metadata that defines the artwork and NFTs to be created.  This creates
  metadata for each individual NFT
    > nftmint --network=testnet --create-drop=project_series_1 --policy=project_policy

  - Upload assets into IPFS:
    > ipfs --projectid=myprojectid --projectsecret=myprojectsecret --network=testnet --drop=project_series_1

  - Lookup your wallet payment address in wallet/testnet/project_mint_1_delegated_payment.addr
    > Publish the payment address for community members to transfer ADA to

  - Accept payments and mint NFTs
    > nftmint --network=testnet --mint --wallet=project_mint --policy=project_policy --drop=project_series_1

# License

This code is released under the [MIT Opensource License](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)
you may use and and modify this code as you see fit.  However, this license and
all copyright attributions must remain in place.

# Commission

TCR has spent a significant amount of time, energy, and money creating this package.
As such, TCR has placed into the code a small comission for ourself.  When an NFT
is minted to an external address the code will also transfer the min utxo value to
the TCR wallet.  Currently this is just 1 ADA.  You can of course remove this
from the code but it will be highly appreciated if you leave it in.  Consider it
a small tip to the development team at TCR.

# Conclusion

We at TCR hope you find this software useful.  Feel free to provide suggestions
on feature requests and other ways to improve it.
